Small changes (#36)
genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte: docs/usage.md

An [example samplesheet](../assets/samplesheet.csv) has been provided with the pipeline.

## Preparing input for DROP

> If you want to run [DROP](https://github.com/gagneurlab/drop) aberrant expression or aberrant splicing you have to provide reference coutns, splice counts and a sample sheet. The sample sheet should contain the columns as those in the [test sample annotation](../test_data/drop_data/sampleAnnotation.tsv), you do not need to include the samples you are runnining through the pipeline in the sample sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run [DROP](https://github.com/gagneurlab/drop) aberrant expression or aberrant splicing you have to provide reference counts, splice counts and a sample sheet. The sample sheet should contain the columns as those in the [test sample annotation](../test_data/drop_data/sampleAnnotation.tsv), you do not need to include the samples you are running through the pipeline in the sample sheet.
```
